docs: add `identifier` usage and more information under the `resource` sections (#4539)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/api-reference/core/components/refine-config.md

### `identifier`

> The `identifier` value servers as the main matching key for a resource. It allows you to effectively differentiate between multiple resources that share the same `name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `identifier` value serves as the main matching key for a resource. It allows you to effectively differentiate between multiple resources that share the same `name`.
```

> There are scenarios where you may require multiple resources with the same `name` but distinct `meta` values. For instance, you might want a posts resource utilizing the default data provider and another posts resource utilizing the "typicode" data provider. In this case, you can use the `identifier` to differentiate between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are scenarios where you may have multiple resources with the same `name` but different `meta` values. For instance, you might want a `posts` resource utilizing the default data provider and another `posts` resource utilizing the "typicode" data provider. In this case, you can use the `identifier` to differentiate between them.
```
